---------------------------Day 1-------------------

Explain "hoisting".
What are the differences between variables created using let, var or const?
Can you give an example for destructuring an object or an array?
Can you give an example of generating a string with ES6 Template Literals?
How do you compare Object and Map?
What is scope in javascript?
What are global variables?
What are the differences between undeclared and undefined variables?
How do you assign default values to variables?
What are the benefits of keeping declarations at the top?
What are the benefits of initializing variables?
What is a spread operator?

---------------------Day 2 -------------------------
* What's the difference between a variable that is: null, undefined or undeclared?
* What is a closure, and how/why would you use one?
* What's a typical use case for anonymous functions?
* Explain the difference between: function Person(){}, var person = Person(), and var person = new Person()?
* Explain Function.prototype.bind
* Explain the difference between synchronous and asynchronous functions.
* What are the differences between ES6 class and ES5 function constructors?
* Can you offer a use case for the new arrow => function syntax? How does this new syntax differ from other functions?
* What advantage is there for using the arrow syntax for a method in a constructor?
* What is the definition of a higher-order function?
* What happens if you write constructor more than once in a class?
* How do you get the prototype of an object?
* Is all objects have prototypes?
* What is prototype chain?
* What are closures?

@channel Here are your day 3 questions, you can begin with the exercise of calling and discussing these
What language constructions do you use for iterating over object properties and array items?
Can you describe the main difference between the Array.forEach() loop and Array.map() methods and why you would pick one versus the other?
Can you explain what Function.call and Function.apply do? What's the notable difference between the two?
Explain Function.prototype.bind.
What is the definition of a higher-order function?
Can you give an example of a curry function and why this syntax offers an advantage?
What is a unary function?
What is a pure function?
What is memoization?


@channel Day 4 questions
Explain event delegation.
What's the difference between host objects and native objects?
Describe event bubbling.
Describe event capturing.
What is an event flow?
What is BOM?
What is the use of stopPropagation method?
What are the properties used to get size of window?
What are the DOM methods available for constraint validation?
How do you perform form validation using javascript?
How do you perform form validation without javascript?
What are the different methods to find HTML elements in DOM?


@channel Day 5 questions
Explain the same-origin policy with regards to JavaScript.
What is the difference between document load and DOMContentLoaded events?
What is same-origin policy?
How do you make synchronous HTTP request?
How do you make asynchronous HTTP request?
What are the ways to execute javascript after page load?
What is an HTTP Header?
How can you prevent CORS issue?
When to use async and defer when loading JS files?
Describe how Fetch API makes use of Promises.


@channel Day 6 questions
What are "web workers"?
What is HTML5 Web Storage? Explain localStorage and sessionStorage.
What's the difference between the <svg> and <canvas> elements?
What are custom attributes in HTML5?
What are the drawbacks of cookies?
What is purpose of watchPosition() method of geolocation object of HTML5?
How do you manipulate DOM using service worker?
What is a cookie?
How do you delete a cookie?
What is the main difference between localStorage and sessionStorage?
How do you check web storage browser support?


@channel Day 7 questions
 What is the difference between JavaScript and jQuery?
 What is $() in jQuery library?
 What are the effects methods used in jQuery?
 What is the use of toggle() method in JQuery?
 What is the use of html() method in JQuery?
 What is the use of css() method in JQuery?
 What is the starting point of code execution in jQuery?
 What is the difference between find and children methods?
 What are the selectors in jQuery? How many types of selectors are there in jQuery?
 What is the use of serialize() method in JQuery?
 What is the difference between jQuery.get() and jQuery.ajax()?
 Explain the difference between the .detach() and .remove() methods in jQuery.
 What's the difference between document.ready() and window.onload()?
 What's the difference between prop() and attr()?

@channel Day 8 question
NoSQL related questions
What are the features of NoSQL?
Explain the difference between NoSQL v/s Relational database?
When should I use a NoSQL database instead of a relational database?
How to do transactions/locking in MongoDB?
Compare MongoDB with Couchbase and CouchbaseDB.
Why is MongoDB not chosen for a 32-bit system?
What are the key features of MongoDB?
What is CRUD?
What is Aggregation in MongoDB?
What is the use of an Index in MongoDB?
Which command is used to create a database in MongoDB?
Which command is used to drop a database in MongoDB?
Which command is used to create a backup of the database?
What is a Collection in MongoDB?
Which method is used to update documents into a collection?
What is the role of profile in MongoDB?
RDBMS related questions
Why a database is called as relational database model?
What are constraints in database?
What is the difference between primary and foreign key?
What is an index represent in relational database model?
What do you understand by database Normalization?
What is the difference between primary key and unique constraints?
What are the differences between DDL, DML and DCL in SQL?
What is the difference between having and where clause?
What is Join?
What is a transaction? What are ACID properties?
List and explain the different types of JOIN clauses supported in ANSI-standard SQL.
Write a SQL query to find the 10th highest employee salary from an Employee table.
How can you select all the even number records from a table? Similarly, all the odd number records?
What is the difference between IN and EXISTS?
How do you copy data from one table to another table ?
How to start a Postgresql server in a Linux system?
Explain the use of aggregate functions in Postgresql?
What is a JOIN? What are the different JOIN operations supported by ANSI SQL?


@channel Day 9 
ReactJS interview questions
Differentiate between Real DOM and Virtual DOM.
List some of the major advantages of React.
What are the limitations of React?
What is JSX?
Can you explain what is the concept of Virtual DOM?
Why can't browsers use JSX?
How different is React's ES6 syntax when compared to ES5?
How is React different from Angular?
"In React, everything is a component". What does this statement mean?
What is Props?
What is a state in React and how is it used?
Differentiate between states and props.
How can you update the state of a component?
What is arrow function in React? How is it used?
Differentiate between stateful and stateless components.
What are the different phases of React component's lifecycle?
Explain the lifecycle methods of React components in detail.
What are synthetic events in React?
What do you understand by refs in React?
What do you know about controlled and uncontrolled components?
What are Higher Order Components(HOC)?
What are Pure Components?
What is the significance of keys in React?
Why do we need a Router in React?
What happens when you call setState?
What's the difference between an Element and a Component in React?
When would you use a Class Component over a Functional Component?
What are refs in React and why are they important?
In which lifecycle method do you make AJAX requests with a Class component?
What are the most common approaches for styling a React application?


@channel DAY 10
What are the advantages of using Redux than managing the state locally?
How is Redux different from Flux?
What is the significance of Store in Redux?
Explain the role of Reducer in Redux.
How are Actions defined in Redux?
Can you list down the components of Redux?
What do you understand by "Single source of truth" in the world of Redux?
What are the three principles that Redux follows?
What is the typical flow of data in a React + Redux app?
What is store in redux?
Explain Reducers in Redux?
Explain action's in Redux?
What are Pure Functions?
Can Redux only be used with React?